in this video we're gonna talk about
political leader called Wayne's young
we're gonna talk about a youtuber called
Venetian we're not going to engage in
shallow finger-pointing we're not gonna
engage in shallow gossip and rumor
mongering I'm gonna try to talk about
the underlying issues in a somewhat
profound way what we have in the year
2020 is a lot of moral panic about age
gap relationships we have a lot of moral
panic about complete strangers meeting
and falling in love over the Internet or
just meeting and having sex over the
Internet
and we have a moral panic over these
things because they're new and different
there were a challenge to how our
culture operated in the past
I remember hearing an interview with a
man who did a study on the very first
singles ads dating ads that were in
newspapers over a hundred years ago
and he talked about well it wasn't a
very interesting interview but he talked
about how the Christian values were so
much stronger in those ads and many of
the advertisements stated that the
person was ugly person said oh I have a
face that could stop a clock you know
but they emphasize that they were
hard-working honest sober that they'd
make a good wife or make a good husband
despite being ugly or plain so you can
imagine nevertheless probably when
newspapers first started carrying these
advertisements in the English language
people turning right probably there were
Christian preachers banging their Bibles
and saying this is a den of sin and this
is iniquity this is Delman
the term moral panic it's generally used
by left-wing people to suggest hysteria
exaggerated moral concern where there's
no valid reason for it but the truth is
most of the examples that use most of
the reasons we use this term um there is
there is a cause for the hysteria there
is a real cause for the few moral panic
about communism there is a moral panic
about communist infiltration in our
societies just a few months ago in
Australia a Chinese spy ring was exposed
when a representative of the Communist
Party of China who was engaged in
espionage in Australia and in Taiwan
came forward and told his story to the
public to the press and to the
government and so on there are right now
communist espionage rings actively
employed to subvert democracy in Western
countries do you want to panic what's
the appropriate response there is a
reason to panic there is something to be
concerned about now how concerned what's
a proportional reasonable month we can
talk about you know where we go from
there and my own parents in their youth
were basically engaged in communist
extremist activities to try to subvert
the government of Canada they thought of
themselves as revolutionaries they would
have very gladly engaged in any kind of
espionage they were asked to engage in
on behalf of Russia or China there was
more Cuba for that matter they would
have gladly worked for the Cuban
government so it's not so remote from me
the motives that are involved in
communist radicalism and the moral panic
attached to that okay so we're deeply
uncomfortable with the fact as a culture
that people can sign up and join the
army maybe at age 16 maybe at age 18
depending on where you are and what kind
of deployment is people can start
filming pornography at age 18 right
people can take on all kinds of
responsibilities life-and-death
responsibilities as adults the moment
they turn 18 or younger if you look it
up where you live how old you have to be
to own a gun where you are how old you
have to be to engage in in legal
prostitution where you are you know in
some parts in that States prostitution
is legal not illegal
so we have all the rights and
responsibilities of an adult creeping
into life of just by custom I mean these
are customs that have been around
for centuries largely unquestioned I
mean as you know a couple centuries ago
people got married even younger people
made these huge crucial decisions that
would change the rest of their life at
age fourteen Napoleon Bonaparte went to
military college at age 12 I believe and
that that was young I think 14 was a
normal age then to commit to being in
the military being in the Navy that sort
of the whole rest your life right um the
moral panic we have in response to
seeing you know what happens with
Wayne's young and his sex life what
happens with a nascent sex life it's
real and I think people want to reflect
on it Hartley you know to apply the
moral of the story to their own lives
because all of us use the internet
everyone watching this video at any rate
is using the Internet all of us have
access to the same kind of temptation
even if it's just getting a tinder
account or something of this sort of
near infinite possibilities of meeting
strangers of the Internet you know and
you have to wrestle with the same
challenges and where you draw the line
and you know what's what's the right
thing to do so okay it's a moral panic
there's some degree of hysteria and
exaggeration but it's a moral panic that
thing exists with good reason there's
another concern about how leaving with
the type of temptation the Internet
presents to each and every one of us can
have a corrupting influence on our lives
right and you don't have to be beautiful
and you don't have to be famous to feel
the pull of that corrupting influence in
your life actually I spoke to a woman
and she described to me how I think she
just I think she just paid a
photographer to take some really
flattering pictures of her and create a
very flattering like Instagram page for
her and then she found she was able to
access and flirt with and date and have
sex with quite famous men that was all
it took
she-she not insulting of russia she
herself is not famous in any way and she
said yeah minor change to kind of her
hairstyle and get some flattering
pictures taken and yes the world of you
know famous people looking for you know
unknown Instagram profiles that they can
do um that's a very real world she
managed to opt into and I think briefly
I don't think was for that many years of
her life or something briefly she was
exposed to the excitement and the thrill
and the danger of being pulled into that
realm of possibilities so all of us no
matter how ugly we may be in our small
way or within a few steps of that
temptation that the the internet
presents and you know boogie2988 if you
don't know is he's an enormous ly obese
youtuber he still needs to lose more
than 100 pounds boogie2988 he's been
completely corrupted sexually by his
measure of Fame here on YouTube here on
the internet the amazing atheist
completely corrupted by his measure of
fame here on the Internet
sexually above all else and with any of
these guys I mean a Missy and himself he
started with a series of very clear
political interests with a kind of
program of ethical issues he wanted to
take a stand on he wanted a lecture the
world on in his way he had political and
moral and ethical aspirations including
his kind of over-the-top combative
approach to vegetarianism vegetarian
activism if you like he jumped on the
bandwagon for a long list of left-wing
political issues and he beat the drum
very loudly for those issues sometimes
of course to the audience's chagrin like
you know gee anisia are you really the
guy to take a position on black
hairstyles african-american hairstyles
like this is really for you to stand up
on but you know whether it was anorexia
or rape or suicide attempts or feminism
or 20 different issues than feminism or
transgenderism an isiand was there he
was there with his sign post to
demonstrate his own you know moral
superiority and to invite you to
participate anisia in his way was a kind
of aspiring political figure yeah so you
can insert sarcastic remarks here about
how pathetic that might be somebody like
the amazing atheist even more clearly
and obviously from day one he was a kind
of political dissident a kind of
political commentator political leader
and you know Wayne song
obviously he's to some extent a youtuber
and an internet personality all these
things exist in the you know corrupting
influence of the Internet exercised over
these people but whence young obviously
thinks himself first and foremost as a
political leader and someone who's
defined his mission in life is to find
ethically all right you don't have to be
handsome you don't have to be under 300
pounds right for all of these people if
you know a little bit about their
stories there's this tremendous
corrupting influence you know the
Internet and I guess I mean the crowd
that's rising up to tear down and Sen
like I guess they're acting out of that
sense of frustration and fear the
surrounding moral panic right that
suddenly I mean okay in the past you had
like a circle of people you could
possibly date defined by those who
happen to live in your town those who
happen to go to high school with you or
something you know people you happen to
meet in different different circles of
life this way and you know the Internet
has massively expanded this circle where
now yes suddenly you know an 18 year old
can fall in love with someone like an
Sen and get an airplane ticket and go
and move in in his head
and start being his live-in babysitter
and it changes this person's life
forever
and there is a kind of moral panic in
response to this even if it's entirely
legal there's no law against it yet and
the crowd rises up wanting to punish
anisia again maybe in part because they
felt that same temptation or they're
afraid of the corrupting and destructive
influence it can have on their own lives
whether it's on their own lives when
they were 18 like looking back or on
their own lives now when they're older
and maybe they have a house and they
have enough money to buy someone an
airplane ticket right like they were
aware they could end up going down the
same road and this young went down now
okay
over time the content on an issuance
channel became more and more dominated
by more and more perverted by I would
even say his sex life now this may seem
like a stretch but I would say something
this betweens young over a txc also okay
to what extent is Wayne's political life
in fact dominated by defined by
perverted by his sex life and I am NOT
gonna claim Wayne has done anything
illegal I think he's done things that
are stupid selfish he's engaged in a lot
of short-term thinking but I mean to my
knowledge Wayne hasn't done anything
illegal right um to my knowledge he met
this younger woman
Cassie King and to my knowledge correct
me if I'm wrong
Cassie King had a job working at a
t-shirt shop okay Wayne sits on top of a
lot of money for direct action
everywhere okay it's not his money
it's the Foundation's money but all the
bank accounts are either controlled by
Wayne or his sister
inexplicably the bank account sir when
his sister's name and you know Wayne
meets this younger woman and decides
that it's a waste of her time for her to
have this part-time job at a t-shirt
shop while she's in university
university student Morgan is a future
and he decides that he can find it in
his heart and he can find it in this
institution's budget to pay her a
fellowship to pay her a kind of salary
or wage so that she can spend more time
with him going around doing vegan
activism so she can be prepared for more
of a leadership role in that
organization when she finishes her
university so it's it's kind of
self-serving it's not the height of
democracy or good government for that
that that agency or daddy it's not
illegal how much money is direct action
everywhere sitting on I think we're
gonna have the first budget this year
coming out from them that's over 1
million dollars that's my prediction
however they definitely were in the past
it was hundreds of thousands of dollars
that was going up each year probably
this year when we get the new numbers
their new IRS Form 990 I think you could
make it bet about whether or not they're
now a multi-million dollar organization
okay this brings up a lot of issues it
does does within us into parallel to
what I said before about Titanic
Sinclair and poppy okay eighteen year
old or nineteen year old kid being
offered a paid job like that by a
foundation by a relatively wealthy
family it doesn't matter if they have
only a hundred thousand dollars or they
got a million dollars okay Wayne is in a
position to offer that the younger
person are they really in a position to
refuse right it's tricky
Titanic Sinclair offers this nineteen
year old girl this opportunity and says
to her hey do you want to be the next
Britney Spears do you want to be the
next you know famous musician and you
know is that nineteen year old in a
position to refuse the business
relationship and this year
position to refuse the sexual
relationship and is she in a position to
refuse the two being fused into one
alright so mean again an isiand offering
teenagers to my knowledge at least one
of them was sixteen right sarah was
sixteen
offering teenagers an airplane ticket to
come and move into his house rent-free
and definitely with billy who was also a
teenage with time he was offering to pay
her to well basically to live there and
do nothing
I mean he was offering to pay her a
salary he also he was paying to fly her
in paying her room and board he was
paying her money to do nothing basically
and he was also gonna pay for her to go
to cosmetology college he was gonna pay
tuition and what-have-you so she could
become a makeup expert right and it's
not just money that's involved in all
these cases there's also the potential
for fame that's why it's you know the
corrupting influence of YouTube so when
you look at that video I already put up
that shows Wayne talking to a much
younger woman I don't know if she's 19
or what there's a very well-endowed very
attractive younger woman talking to
Wayne and she's saying to him with such
passion that she's willing to go to jail
she's eager to go to jail she wants to
break the law and go to jail for the
vegan cause what's really going on there
is she really someone who's motivated by
a kind of rage and resentment against
society does she really want to go to
jail just for the sake of that revenge
or just out of spite or is she someone
who's thinking because this is the way
YouTube corrupts everyone or is she
someone who's thinking that she's better
looking than supreme banana that she's
better looking than Sarah of Sarah's
vegan kitchen that she's better looking
than hennya Hey
amania these are three very successful
vegan YouTube channels by the way okay
all of which is true she's
better-looking than all three of them
put together she's thinking hey if I get
involved with this older man set the
head of this you know very affluent
organization and if I can get myself
filmed being put in prison this could
lead to me being the next the next
amazing atheist the next anisia Tevan
you know the sky's the limit if she can
get a little bit of Fame you know for
this kinda thing but of course she could
be the next freely she could be the next
durianrider she could be the next
supreme banana whatever the example is
you want to take so when she's talking
to Wayans young and she's talking about
these opportunities for political
activism she's specifically saying she
wants to get chained up and break the
law and go to jail she wants to do this
all right I don't know what's motivating
her is it the fame is it the possibility
of YouTube notoriety of YouTube fame of
Instagram Fame and if it's not even if
she thinks she just wants to do this
stupid political stunt for its own sake
not for self-promotion not for fame on
YouTube or on Instagram what have you do
you think it's possible she's still
really motivated by that fame but maybe
isn't entirely aware of it maybe it's
just not on the top of her mind
while she's having that conversation and
then when you got someone in Wayne's
position who's capable of saying to
someone like that hey you have a job
working in a t-shirt store or you have a
job working as a waitress you know it's
kind of wastes your time
my foundation has enough money that we
can pay you a salary we can pay you a
fellowship and then you can be a rebel
with a cause you can do this full-time
you can do YouTube you can do Instagram
you can do street protests you can you
can be in front of the camera you can be
a star
this is the corrupting influence of
YouTube that completely pervades and in
a subtle way changes the nature of even
an explicitly political activist
organization like Anonymous for the
voiceless like direct action everywhere
like peda like People for the Ethical
Treatment you'll think there were people
at peda who are really motivated by
Instagram and YouTube fame I probably
the majority of the of the people you
see on screen they're motivated exactly
by that and that's the retirement plan
because peda is not going to work out a
long term okay but how much more do we
see that corrupting influence over
people like an Sen over people like the
amazing atheist over people like
boogie2988 where it's like whatever it
was they came to do here on the internet
in the first place the amazing atheist
wanted to be an author he wanted to be
an author and he cared about politics
and religion what if he had stayed on
that course I think there's actually a
profound sense in which he was perverted
he was corrupted you know away from that
original mission of why he came on
YouTube what he was trying to do by
exactly this kind of Fame with the sex
in my opinion probably being even more
powerful than the money in terms of
motivating what what road you go to
right how much greater is the effect on
someone like an isiand who had a very
scattered moral compass a very unclear
sense of moral moral purpose although we
had a tremendous opinion of his own
moral superiority over his audience he
was always giving very harsh castigating
rowdy life starts and then with time
even if what he was supposed to be doing
was just comedy it ceases to be comedy
and it just becomes him coming on camera
and talking about his throuple his
three-way sex relationship and sometimes
it's him being self pitying about the
relationship instead of is it's him
harshly condemning the other woman and
it's explaining that he's divorcing his
wife to be with the other woman and then
that's off it is about like hey you know
now obviously within the last year the
way in which it's completely taken over
is there's a really meaningful sense in
which all these people end up destroying
themselves and utterly perverting and
abandoning their own sense of political
purpose because of this strange sexual
potential that YouTube has to change all
of our lives even the ugliest of us like
amazing atheist even those of us who are
300 pounds overweight even you and you
and you even the people who only have
1000 views per video that to me is worth
thinking about
not for the purpose of pointing our
finger at Wayans young now for the
pointed not for the purpose of pointing
our finger at an SEM but ultimately to
try to draw some conclusions how does
this apply to us how are we going to
live our lives moving forward because
the reality still is that when people
turn 18 they joined the army they buy
firearms they own guns they drive cars
they make life-changing decisions right
and all of us have been dissolved and
united by this strange technology the
internet that makes it possible for us
to know one another love one another
heat one another meet one another
get organized and achieve great things
politically with one another whereas
before we were isolated in the small
town of our circle of acquaintances and
mutual acquaintances those are the only
options we had those are the only
possibilities and temptations that could
corrupt us